{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This mobile app provides healthcare finance professionals with 30+ standardized formulas for measuring revenue cycle. Available on iOS and Android.\
\
Highlighting an upcoming organizational split, this online annual report sets up the long term strategy for the two, yet to be named, companies. View project details.\
\
Viewed within a year-end report or as a stand alone graphic, an 'at a glance' allows investors to quickly digest a company\'92s global strategy, plans for innovation and key financial metrics. View similar work.\
\
For over a decade, Wade Niday has been developing a strong typographic voice and a love for the vast details of visual communication. His work ranges from packaging to annual reports and includes branding, user interface design, identity design and information design. His client experience has included: CME Group, Guggenheim Partners, Hillshire Brands (formerly Sara Lee), OGE Energy, The University of Chicago and WellPoint. Wade holds a BFA in Design from the University of Kansas.\
\
Away from the office, Wade enjoys Pauline literature, craft beer and keeping his golf swing fluid. He lives outside of Chicago with his lovely wife and their two adorable daughters.\
\
Black Book AR100 winner. As the global leader in distribution facilities, ProLogis boasts of over 400 million square feet of industrial space across three continents. This annual report relies on a graphic treatment of key facts, simplified messaging and a refined color palette to communicate the reach of services offered by ProLogis.\
\
Project in collaboration with Coates + Coates.\
\
Influenced by the vivid culture of India, bold colors and textures add visual context to the event logo and materials for the Bollywood-themed Red Hot Gala, an annual benefit for the Primo Center for Women and Children.  \
\
Project in collaboration with Pagliuco Design Company.\
\
WellPoint is the nation's top health benefits company, serving more than 30 million medical members. This online annual report opens with crisp portrait photography of seven members expressing a general wellness desire and a targeted statement towards their health benefits provider. With desires for accessible care, affordable services, and simplified processes shaping the industry, WellPoint used the balance of the site to highlight ongoing initiatives that move closer to a solution for its members.\
\
A limited quantity print version was also produced.  \
\
Projects in collaboration with Coates + Coates.\
\
\
\
The packaging for Bioelements relies upon refined colors, clean typography and simple messaging to convey skin care products that are specifically formulated for the professional treatment room.  \
\
Project in collaboration with Pagliuco Design Company.\
\
After almost ten years of working with one of the best golf teachers in the world, Aaron Fagan launched his own Orlando-based golf academy. The visual foundation for his personal brand is a logo that combines bold typography and impactful colors in order to build consistent name recognition across signage, ads, apparel and social media.  \
\
International ARC Award winner. For over a century, the chemistry of Rohm and Haas has helped end-use products take on a particular characteristic \'97 such as paint that is safer for the environment, sunscreen that is stronger and drinking water that is healthier. Clean, large scale photography and a simple headline structure help to quickly communicate the three areas of accelerated growth: Electronics, Coatings and Niche businesses. \
\
As part of the YourMoneyCounts campaign, this carrier and magnet uses iconic imagery along with 10 simple, money saving reminders to help consumers improve their financial education.  \
\
Project in collaboration with Coates + Coates.\
\
\
\
The University of Chicago Office of Clinical Research is dedicated to improving communication, consistency and collaboration in clinical research studies throughout the institution. Large buttons and a simplified structure allow users of this internal site to quickly access resources for their specific study.  \
\
\
With over $100 billion in daily liquidity, CME Group offers the largest regulated FX (foreign currency) marketplace in the world. The FX product guide (above) uses detailed photography and hand-drawn lettering to highlight the artistic beauty of the physical currency that rest behind these innovative products. The cover features a semi-opaque tip-in, mirroring the anti-counterfeiting techniques used in currency around the globe.\
\
Three common characteristics of the physical currency (repetition of line, bold color and national iconography) drive the graphic illustrations used in the inaugural CME FX product guide.\
\
Divine Back Nine allows golf to become affordable and convenient by purchasing otherwise unused, weekday tee times on the back nine holes of a local golf course.  \
\
For more than 25 years, this Mutual Funds Co. has been committed to a "manager of managers" philosophy towards investing and they currently oversee assets for a mutual fund and for corporate pension plans, that exceed $45 billion. To mirror this personable approach, an image carousel uses photography of fund managers to highlight specific products, positioning the company as fresh, approachable and established. Simple main navigation and a refined sub-navigation help users quickly access the desired content.  \
\
Viewed within a year-end report or as a stand alone graphic, an 'at a glance' allows investors to quickly digest a company\'92s global strategy, plans for innovation and key financial metrics. Built with an underlying structure and anchored by a primary visual (such as a person, map or an important new product) the pages rely on variations of color, scale and content to communicate a unified message.  \
\
Projects in collaboration with Coates + Coates.\
\
The refreshed logo of West Monroe Partners was intended to increase visual impact and elevate name recognition for this technology and business consulting firm. To simplify a lengthy company name, adjustments were made to the color, scale, weight and spacing of the key words to create a single word mark.\
\
Project in collaboration with Coates + Coates.\
\
With quarterly key measurement updates and highlights on travel, foods, favorite books and vocabulary, this book uses two photos per month to celebrate the first year of life for our daughter, Hannah.  \
\
Highlighting an upcoming organizational split, the Sara Lee online annual report sets up the long term strategy for two, yet to be named, companies. The printed report (below), has an appropriately sensual feel that moves away from the polished, consumer-based visual language of the past and towards the vision of what's to come.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
For over a decade, Wade Niday has been developing a strong typographic voice and a love for the vast details of visual communication. His work ranges from packaging to annual reports and includes branding, user interface design, identity design and information design. His client experience has included: CME Group, Guggenheim Partners, Hillshire Brands (formerly Sara Lee), OGE Energy, The University of Chicago and WellPoint. Wade holds a BFA in Design from the University of Kansas.\
\
Away from the office, Wade enjoys Pauline literature, craft beer and keeping his golf swing fluid. He lives outside of Chicago with his lovely wife and their two adorable daughters.\
\
Specialties:Visual communication strategy and planning; print design, packaging and marketing collateral; project and budget management; identity design, annual reports, employee and investor communications.}